[Music]
she's tracked okay okay okay
how many can you save 11 species blues
the last of her kind
you'll never capture her we thought you
might know someone who could help a
rescue op what could go wrong hey blue
you know me
come with me you know you can't stay
here it was the man who proved Raptors
can follow orders you never saw how many
millions a trained predator might be was
there a cell not blue they need it for
something else this is the most
dangerous creature that ever walked the
earth I say we shut this whole thing
down
hey girl you think what I'm thinking
genetic power has now been unleashed you
can't put it back in the box
if I don't make it back
remember you're the one who made me come
here I'll be all right
these creatures were here before us and
if we're not careful they're gonna be
Hereafter welcome to Jurassic world
[Music]